= Leftronic Ruby Gem

== What is Leftronic?

Leftronic[https://beta.leftronic.com] makes powerful dashboards for business intelligence.

* Colorful and interactive data visualizations
* Templates to get you started right away
* Drag-and-drop editor makes it easy for anyone to create a powerful dashboard, customized to their needs
* Integration with Google Analytics, Twitter, Chartbeat, Zendesk, Basecamp, Pivotal Tracker, Facebook, and more to come!
* Dashboards can be protected or shared with a shortened URL
* Powerful API's for Javascript, PHP, Python, Ruby, and Java
* Python Package and Ruby Gem

== Technical Notes

We also suggest checking out our API[https://beta.leftronic.com/api] page. While the most detailed documentation is here, it has JSON and CURL examples in addition to a test form to send data to your custom widgets.

Authentication is handled by your API access key. We strongly encourage you to keep this key private. If you're logged in, your key can be found on our API[https://beta.leftronic.com/api] page. If you plan on using one of our API libraries, you will find instructions below on how to set your access key.

All API requests are made by sending a POST request to https://beta.leftronic.com/customSend with a properly formatted JSON packet. We do not support XML.

Current API version is 1.0.

== Getting Started

If you haven't already, create an account at https://beta.leftronic.com/accounts/login.

Get your API access key from the API overview page at https://beta.leftronic.com/api.

We recommend checking out our Tutorials[https://beta.leftronic.com/tutorials] to familiarize yourself with your dashboard.

For examples and further documentation, the source for this Gem is on Github[https://github.com/sonofabell/leftronic-ruby].

== Contributing to Leftronic Gem
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Leftronic[https://beta.leftronic.com]. License is GNU Library or Lesser General Public License (LGPL). A copy of the license is available at http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/lesser.html. See LICENSE.txt for further details.
